This package compiles and install the shared scientific library
libaspic, a collection of fast modern fortran routines for computing
various observable quantities used in Cosmology from definite single
field inflationary models.

It aims at providing an efficient, extendable and accurate way of
comparing theoretical inflationary predictions with cosmological
data. As the list of inflationary models is always increasing, you are
encouraged to add support for any model that would not yet be
implemented. The code is therefore released as GNU software, you are
free and welcome to expand this code and distribute the source code
along the rules specified in COPYING.

* Compilation and installation of the library
  ./configure
  make
  make install
  
  See INSTALL for more options.

* Checking each models individually (slow)
  ./configure
  make check

  In each model subdirectory (located under src/), a test program
  print and generate slow-roll predictions for various values of the
  reheating energy density.

* Testing the whole library (very slow)
  ./configure
  make test

  This is the equivalent of 'make check' followed by the execution of
  all the test programs. The testsuite returns an error if one of them
  failed to terminate properly.

* Checkout the MAN pages for a complete documentation
  man libaspic

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Troubleshooting

- some calls to the "atan()" intrinsic functions use FORTRAN08 support
  for complex numbers. This is supported with recent versions of open
  source compilers such as gfortran. If you ever encounter an error
  with these function calls try to define:

  	 export FCFLAGS="-DNOF08"
  
 Then run the standard
 ./configure"
 make
 make install

- some models may require quite extreme fine-tunings according to the
  parameter values used. If you get error messages due to numerical
  precision limitation, these may be overcome by compiling the library
  in quadruple precision (much slower) with

  ./configure --enable-quad-precision
  make
  make install

  The new modules are located in $PREFIX/include/aspicq and the
  library name is accordingly changed to "libaspicq".

